1. Write a program with the following specifications:
Input to the program: An integer number N,
The program computes the Maekawa request sets for an N site network, 
represents them as a graph by connecting every site with the sites in its request set.

2. Design a dynamic distributed routing strategy that 
uses the request sets to determine the next hop for the communication between any pair of sites.

3. Calculate the Best, Worst and Average routing performance 
(in number of hops) for the routing you have designed.

4. Run your program for N=13, 9

5. For each run randomly select 20 pairs of sites and apply the routing you have designed at 2.above 
and calculate for each case (N= 13, 9) the communication cost in hops.
. 
6. Networks with static routings maintain a table at each site that 
defines the shortest paths to be followed when messages are sent to other sites. 
Given that the routing for Maekawa networks is dynamic, 
distributed and efficient we are looking for a way to embed a Maekawa graph to a given graph 
(for an existing network) with the same number of sites 
so we can transform the static network routing to a dynamic and distributed routing.
The embedding should create virtual connections in the network suggested by the embedding of the Maekawa network on to it. 
There are numerous embeddings (N! of them). 
The embedding should have as a goal to minimize the average length of the generated by the embedding virtual paths.

Submit: 
a. Your program
b. The 2 groups of request sets generated by the program
c. The 2 graphs generated by the program
d. The Best, Worst and Average routing performance 
e. The 2 sets of paths for the 20 pair communication sections and their corresponding costs in number of hops.
f. A report that includes the above submissions together with your observations. The report should include, in pseudo code, 
	your solution to the embedding problem in a clear and precise way as well as the transformation of a static routing to a dynamic, 
	distributed routing. 
g. An illustration of the embedding algorithm for the two cases of N=13 and N=9.

For the illustration you must have the two Maekawa graphs and two graphs 
(representing the two randomly selected networks) with sizes of 13 and 9 respectively. 
The graphs should be of your choice. 
For each site of the graphs a routing table should be associated with the shortest paths of routing.
Apply your algorithm to the two pairs of graphs and indicate in a clear way 
all virtual paths crated and in each case the average length of the virtual paths.
Describe for each case how the routing on the network graphs can be transformed to 
dynamic routing with minimum storage in each site of some of the virtual paths.

EACH QUESTION FROM a.---------to------------g. AND THE ILLUSTRATIONS MUST BE ANSWERED IN A DISTINCT AND CLEAR WAY. 
“MESSY” PRESENTATIONS WILL NOT BE GRADED!